repl: check for NODE_REPL_EXTERNAL_MODULE (#29778)
nodejs/node: doc/api/cli.md

`~/.node_repl_history`, which is overridden by this variable. Setting the value
to an empty string (`''` or `' '`) disables persistent REPL history.

> ### `NODE_REPL_EXTERNAL_MODULE=file`

Reviewer: I imagine reviewers will say "Instead of an environment variable, make this a CLI flag so that `NODE_OPTIONS` can be used."

Reviewer 2: It says `NODE_REPL_EXTERNAL_MODULE` here but `NODE_EXTERNAL_REPL_MODULE` everywhere else.

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Path to a node module which will be loaded in place of the built-in REPL.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Path to a Node.js module which will be loaded in place of the built-in REPL.
```

`~/.node_repl_history`, which is overridden by this variable. Setting the value
to an empty string (`''` or `' '`) disables persistent REPL history.

### `NODE_REPL_EXTERNAL_MODULE=file`
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

Path to a Node.js module which will be loaded in place of the built-in REPL.

> Overriding this value to an empty string (`''`) will use the built-in REPL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this value to the empty string (`''`) will cause Node to use the built-in REPL.
```
